Okay,
guys.
And welcome to this section.
Now you'll find is a downloadable resource.
From this lecture,
a workbook called workbook events dot x l s X highly suggest you download that In that file
,
you're going to find loads and loads of different tabs.
There is a little guide at the from that said the tabs in green,
such as these ones here relate to code that should be used in the workbook.
Objects rips a click tough on the code in red will be used on work sheets,
objects.
Which of these ones just here now up to know everything we've looked at,
as required a manual intervention for our code to executes.
Now,
we did some really clever stuff when we generated reports,
but still,
we had to go and say,
Run my code for the code toe work.
Now,
wouldn't it be useful if you could have your code execute based on what was going on in
Excel?
Now,
luckily,
you conduce precisely that using workbook events on worksheet events.
Now we're going to cover a few of them.
A few of them on here,
both workbook and worksheet on.
We're gonna add some really powerful code to these,
For instance,
wouldn't it be useful if every time someone opened your workbook,
it's automatically created a backup of itself just in case anything went wrong with the
workbook or they deleted some really important data you would have a backup for every time
an individual and open the file?
Or wouldn't it be useful if you knew how many people were actually access in your file on
where they access your file?
From what we can do all of that with workbook events,
we're gonna have a look at how you introduce a splash screen.
So when your workbook opens,
you get this beautiful pop up message says,
Hey,
welcome to my jazzy spreadsheet on We're also gonna have Look,
a top secret classified file that you're gonna need a password to access.
So we have a few fun things in here is Well,
okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.
Enjoy